_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Welcome to my Portfolio!"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a PhD Candidate (ABD) at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA, specializing in advanced data analytics for the planning, management, and performance improvement of civil infrastructure projects. My doctoral research, supervised by [Dr. Chau Le](https://et.charlotte.edu/people/chau-le/), [Dr. Jake Smithwick](https://et.charlotte.edu/directory/jake-smithwick-phd-mpa/), [Dr. Harun Pirim](https://www.ndsu.edu/people/harun-pirim), and [Dr. Jay Wu](https://cee.charlotte.edu/directory/jy-s-wu-phd-pe-ph/) focuses on data-driven methodologies to enhance infrastructure project delivery and performance. My research has been published in peer-reviewed top journals of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE).

Additionally, I hold a Master's degree in Construction Management and a Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering. My professional experience includes project management, scheduling and controls, construction safety, and risk assessment.


---

## 🎓 Education

- **PhD (ABD) in Infrastructure and Environmental Systems**  
  University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA  
  *Focus: Advanced data analytics, infrastructure project delivery, and performance*

- **Master of Science in Construction Management**  
  *Mehran University of Engineering and Technology, Jamshoro, Pakistan*

- **Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering**  
  *Mehran University of Engineering and Technology, Jamshoro, Pakistan*

Commit message:

Enhance about page with education and research details
Added sections for Research Areas and Professional Positions to the about page.

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Welcome to my Portfolio!"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I am a PhD Candidate (ABD) at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA, specializing in advanced data analytics for the planning, management, and performance improvement of civil infrastructure projects. My doctoral research, supervised by [Dr. Chau Le](https://et.charlotte.edu/people/chau-le/), [Dr. Jake Smithwick](https://et.charlotte.edu/directory/jake-smithwick-phd-mpa/), [Dr. Harun Pirim](https://www.ndsu.edu/people/harun-pirim), and [Dr. Jay Wu](https://cee.charlotte.edu/directory/jy-s-wu-phd-pe-ph/) focuses on data-driven methodologies to enhance infrastructure project delivery and performance. My research has been published in peer-reviewed top journals of the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE).

Additionally, I hold a Master's degree in Construction Management and a Bachelor's degree in Civil Engineering. My professional experience includes project management, scheduling and controls, construction safety, and risk assessment.


---

## Education

- **PhD (ABD) in Infrastructure and Environmental Systems**  
  University of North Carolina at Charlotte, USA  
  *Focus: Advanced data analytics, infrastructure project delivery, and performance*

- **Master of Science in Construction Management**  
  *Mehran University of Engineering and Technology, Jamshoro, Pakistan*

- **Bachelor of Science in Civil Engineering**  
  *Mehran University of Engineering and Technology, Jamshoro, Pakistan*

  ---

## Research Areas

- Advanced data analytics and machine learning for civil infrastructure  
- Data-driven modeling of infrastructure project delivery and performance  
- Risk assessment, reliability, and resilience of infrastructure systems  
- Construction project scheduling, controls, and decision support systems  
- Network analysis and graph-based methods in construction and infrastructure

## Professional Positions

- Advanced data analytics and machine learning for civil infrastructure  
- Data-driven modeling of infrastructure project delivery and performance  
- Risk assessment, reliability, and resilience of infrastructure systems  
- Construction project scheduling, controls, and decision support systems  
- Network analysis and graph-based methods in construction and infrastructure
